on the eve of the festive season of the company from
exit has released several new tablets
running android
the manufacturer promised to merge
modern features with affordable
at the cost of
let's check it on the example of models 778 58
tablet made ipad mini style and
turned out to be quite compact weight 382
gram allows you to conveniently keep it
in one hand
the main body is made of
metal that gives so set a nice
appearance upper part rear
side is equipped with a removable panel under
which contains slots for sim and cards
micro sd display is made by
ips technology
and using such a matrix in
budget tablet definitely happy
the image looks saturated and
Contrasting viewing angles are wide and
virtually no effect on quality
screen pictures have a large margin
brightness
sometimes even excessive in the dark
minimum brightness values ​​anyway
a bit beats the eyes hardware with
new tablets stands quad
mediatek processor volume operational
memory equals one gigabyte from position
I would like to see more users
volume use demanding
application resources rarely happen
malfunctions
their forced closure another
parties can not but rejoice
proposed set of wireless modules
The tablet has built-in Wi-Fi chips.
bluetooth 4 gps version and more importantly
total hdpi
as a rule most tablets
entry level limited wifi and not
can provide mobile transmission
data more so new site
supports voice calls that sometimes
can help out using
Headset installed on the tablet
operating system android version 4.2
barely
thanks to which users get
universal functionality
unlimited anything to the standard
list of pre-installed programs so
set added a drained hop app for
convenient organization of current
social networks facebook vk twitter and
classmates standard area
notification is divided into two parts
in the left there are various notifications
applications in the right panel
quick setup operation modes
3000 800mAh battery
hour provides autonomous work
tablet for the whole day without restrictions in
use of wireless modules in
average with heavy load
spent from eight to ten
percent charge per hour despite
name of the line which include
tablet hints can be considered not
just like navigation devices it
full-featured modern tablet
stuffing
and the bargain price especially considering
3g module makes it even more
attractively